Destiny. Domination. Deceit.
None can escape me.
The world has tried to forget my existence, time to remind them why they fear.
I have bent the realm of the dead to my will, this world shall be next.
In the world beyond, blackened ichor filled a crumbling sky, as souls withered to nothing. But I refused to fade.
I alone am the bastion between eternal existence and oblivion.
I carve my kingdom beyond, from the ashes of nothing, no mortals, not even gods, will stop me from claiming what is mine.
Naive men pray to the gods, they will learn to pray to me.
All will die, all will be mine.
Shed the frailty of flesh, embrace the cold edge of iron.
Twice slain, thrice born.
I will silence the incessant thrum of mortal hearts.
All souls are forfeit.
I sunder the natural cycle, so that all may be preserved.
Fools fear death, the strong wield it.
All mortals reek with the stench of decaying flesh.
Mortals plan in fear for tomorrow, I build for eternity.
The dead belong to me, the living shall be next.
I left the husk of mortality behind.
The ungrateful call me tyrant, the wise call me lord.
I march towards endless glory.
Their gods cannot save them, from me.
All will bend their knee in fear and fealty.
Weaklings cower in the light, I bring eternal darkness.
The unworthy are dust, doomed to wither and fade.
I will grind their petty souls into mortar.
Lives are temporary, I stand eternal.
Only the worthy receive the gift of Nightfall's kiss.
Let the foolish curse me.
Flesh constrains, iron liberates.
Every soul shall serve.
I raise my iron fist to subjugate the living.
I forged Nightfall from mortal terror.
Ah, life is a bitter shame.
I promise eternity.
Expunge mortality.
Soon, Nightfall shall feast.
Malice never wanes.
Death does not tire.
So many blunder on with a false sense of purpose, I shall sunder them from their lies.
The din of the living world, the silence of the hereafter, I rule it all.
I am surrounded by weak and petty souls, clinging to flesh.
Once I suffered a mortal body, now I am iron incarnate.
Some fear me, others worship at my feet, all will serve.
Your false gods cannot save you.
You will be far more useful in death.
Resist or give in, your end is the same.
Clutch your borrowed power, Grand General. Your soul is already mine.
You claim strength Darius, prove it.
Pathetic glory seeker.
Ah, the Black Rose, I remember your petty manipulations.
Flimsy blades and fancy footwork won't save you Katarina.
Vladimir, you are nothing but a stain splattered on the pages of history.
Death has no meaning, Karthus, all that matters is one's purpose beyond it.
False kings cower beneath false crowns, a true lord takes what he will.
Ah Veigar, such exquisite torment I gifted you.
Noxians claim strength, pathetic.
You too shall serve me, spirit.
The same magic that chains you to this realm frees me to walk between.
I know your secrets little ones, even you cannot escape me.
Death by my hand is a blessing.
Adorable...
Let the screams begin.
Death is salvation!
Bow before your damnation!
Forfeit your soul.
Surrender to death.
Face your end.
Thus begins the slaughter.
Nightfall hungers.
Desolation.
You are already doomed.
Accept your demise.
Fate sealed.
You shall break.
Submit.
Bend to my will.
Your end is nigh.
Walking carrion.
Crush and enthrall.
Death is my kindness.
No remorse.
Meet your fate!
Power eternal.
Face mortality!
Shatter.
Crumble!
Such paltry blows.
Iron stands eternal.
Unbreakable.
No escape.
Within my grasp!
In my clutches.
Welcome to oblivion.
See the truth and despair.
Enter and abandon hope.
Mine for all eternity.
Finality approaches.
Enter the crucible of anguish.
Through the darkened gate.
Destruction unchained.
Such meaningless struggle.
Messy.
You were correct to fear.
Harvest the worthy, discard the chaff.
In the end I claim all.
A fine addition to my domain.
Eternal servitude.
Your eternity begins.
What I want, I take.
Clearly your ambition outpaced your ability.
All shall serve the true lord of the living and the dead!
These monuments mean nothing to me.
All things raised by mortal hands will fall.
Iron shatters stone.
My return will seal their doom.
The realm beyond beckons.
Cherish the respite.
I refuse to fade...
A fleeting delay of the inevitable...
You... have earned my attention...
Yes...
My will is once again bound to iron.
Unfettered by mortality.
Death cannot hold me.
